NAME                                                            READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager-0           2/2     Running   0          7m30s
pod/kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-55464d4b9-6ng7c               3/3     Running   0          8m45s
pod/kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-7ccc7bb9c9-qvvgk   1/1     Running   0          8m45s
pod/kube-prometheus-stack-operator-5cffdd6b96-5hr5c             1/1     Running   0          8m45s
pod/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-bmhf4        1/1     Running   0          8m45s
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-0               2/2     Running   0          7m30s

NAME                                                     TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                            ClusterIP   None            <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   7m30s
service/kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager               ClusterIP   10.96.28.189    <none>        9093/TCP,8080/TCP            8m45s
service/kube-prometheus-stack-grafana                    ClusterIP   10.107.56.203   <none>        80/TCP                       8m45s
service/kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics         ClusterIP   10.111.29.12    <none>        8080/TCP                     8m45s
service/kube-prometheus-stack-operator                   ClusterIP   10.98.34.219    <none>        443/TCP                      8m45s
service/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                 ClusterIP   10.96.39.169    <none>        9090/TCP,8080/TCP            8m45s
service/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   ClusterIP   10.102.195.60   <none>        9100/TCP                     8m45s
service/prometheus-operated                              ClusterIP   None            <none>        9090/TCP                     7m30s

NAME                                                            DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   8m45s

NAME                                                       READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-grafana              1/1     1            1           8m45s
deployment.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           8m45s
deployment.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-operator             1/1     1            1           8m45s

NAME                                                                  DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-55464d4b9               1         1         1       8m45s
replicaset.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-7ccc7bb9c9   1         1         1       8m45s
replicaset.apps/kube-prometheus-stack-operator-5cffdd6b96             1         1         1       8m45s

NAME                                                               READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager   1/1     7m30s
statefulset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus       1/1     7m30s
